Meryl Streep het by Sondagaand se Golden Globes haar mede-akteurs gevra om hand by te sit in die beskerming van die Amerikaanse pers. Die VSA maak hom tans reg om sy mees omstrede president-verkies te huldig.In &lsquo;n emosionele toespraak, het Meryl aan Hollywood vertel dat haar mees onvergeetlike oomblik van die afgelope 12 maande is toe Donald Trump &lsquo;n gestremde verslaggewer spot.&ldquo;Dit het my hart gebreek toe ek dit sien. Ek kan dit nogsteeds nie uit my kop kry nie want dit was nie &lsquo;n fliek nie, dit was die werklike lewe,&rdquo; het sy ges&ecirc;.At tonight's #GoldenGlobes we honor Hollywood legend Meryl Streep with the prestigious Cecil B. Demille Award. pic.twitter.com/dxpeCDNXY6Die Oscar-bekroonde aktrise het die 2017 Cecil B. DeMille Award for Lifetime Achievement aanvaar.Hier is haar volledige toespraak:&nbsp;"You belong to the most&nbsp;vilified segments of America right now, think about it &ndash; Hollywood, foreigners and the press.But who are we and what is Hollywood? It&rsquo;s just a bunch of people from other places&hellip;&nbsp;So Hollywood is crawling with outsiders and foreigners, and if you kick them all out you will have nothing to watch but football and mixed martial arts, which are not the arts.An actor&rsquo;s only job is to enter the lives of people who are different from us and let you feel what that feels like, and there were many&nbsp;many many powerful&nbsp;performances this year that did that. But there was one performance this year though that stunned me, it sank its hook in my heart, not because it was good, there was nothing good about it, but it was effective and it did its job, it made its intended audience laugh and show&nbsp;their teeth.It was that moment when the person asking to sit in the most respected seat in our country, imitated a disabled reporter. Someone he outranked in privilege, power and the capacity to fight back.It kind of broke my heart when I saw it and I still can&rsquo;t get it out of my head because it wasn&rsquo;t in a movie, it was real life.This instinct to humiliate, when its modeled by someone in the public platform, by someone powerful, it filters down because it kind of gives permission for others to do the same thing. Disrepect invites disrespect, violence incites violence.And when the powerful use their position to bully others, we all lose.This brings me to the press. We need the principled press to hold power to account, to call them on the carpet for every outrage. That&rsquo;s why our founders enshrined the press and its freedoms in the constitution&nbsp;so I only ask the famously well-heeled Hollywood foreign press and all of us in our&nbsp;community to join me in supporting the committee to protect the press because we will need them moving forward and they will need us, to safeguard the truth.One more thing, once when I was standing around on the set one day, whining about something, you know, we were working through supper or the long hours, &nbsp;Tommy Lee Jones said to me, &lsquo;isn&rsquo;t it such a privilege Meryl, just to be an actor?&rsquo; Yes, it is, and we have to remind each other of the priviliege and responsibility. And as my dear friend the departed Princess Leia once said to me: &lsquo;Take your broken heart and turn it into art.&rsquo;" - metro.co.uk