Happy New Year from Norma and me. She rang in 2017 in style last night! ???? #myneighbornormaA photo posted by Chris Salvatore (@chrissalvatore) on Jan 1, 2017 at 8:20pm PSTVir Chris Salvatore en Norma Cook is ouderdom maar net nog &lsquo;n nommer. Toe die 31-jarige vier jaar gelede by sy West Hollywood woonstelkompleks intrek, het hy besluit om homself aan sy 89-jarige buurvrou &ndash; wie oorkant hom woon en as interior decorator gewerk het &ndash; te gaan voorstel. Toe Norma hom vir &lsquo;n glas champage in nooi het die sanger-akteur geweet die twee is bedoel om vriende te wees en sommer vir lank ook. &ldquo;Ons het dadelik vriende geword,&rdquo; s&ecirc; Chris.&nbsp; &ldquo;Toe sy grootword het sy baie gay vriende gehad, wie ongelukkig tydens die Vigs-pandemie dood is. Om gay te wees het gemaak dat ons dadelik bond. Ons het meestal oor mode en kos gepraat.&rdquo; Chris verduidelik dat met elke dag se geselskap oor die jare het Norma hom begin sien as die &ldquo;kleinseun wat sy nooit gehad het nie&rdquo;. Toe haar gesondheid verlede jaar, na &lsquo;n dekade se stryd met leukemia, agteruit gaan was Chris langs haar sy. Toe dokters haar s&ecirc; sy sal 24 uur &lsquo;n dag tuisversorg moet word, het Chris dadelik aangebied om dit te doen. Met die wete dat sy net maande oor het, het Chris fondse begin insamel om die tuissorgkoste wat Norma se verserkering nie gedek het nie, te dek. Vir haar part blyk Norma beslis jonk in gees te wees. En gelukkig om haar laaste maande met haar jong vriend te spandeer.&nbsp; Chris beskryf Norma as iemand wat nie haar woorde tel nie en hy kan nie uitgepraat raak oor hoe bly hy is om haar in sy lewe te h&ecirc; nie. &ldquo;Ek is so gelukkig. Sy het my lewe verander. Sy het my vriendeliker mens gemaak.&rdquo; &ndash; cosmopolitan I hope this little update will bring some sunshine to your rainy day here in La. We are reaching the 2 month mark since my neighbor Norma has come home from the hospital and I am so happy to share that she is continuing to prove the doctors and nurses wrong by continuing to THRIVE! To prolong the remaining funds to prevent her from having to be moved into a county facility, Norma and I have decided to move her into my apartment across the hall where she now has her own beautiful room and bathroom! She loves it! I do most of my work at home so I am here most of the time to care for her so it only made sense to the both of us. She is my adopted grandmother and I am her grandson she never had. :) We will still have caregivers coming in to care for her as well as her weekly hospice visits from the nurses and doctors. I just wanted to let you all know Norma loves reading your comments and I seriously think all the support and love is keeping her healthy. Now who wants to come to dinner? ??#myneighbornorma... I mean #myroomatenorma ??A photo posted by Chris Salvatore (@chrissalvatore) on Jan 20, 2017 at 4:26pm PSTNorma and I are finally watching one of her favorites together! ????????#haroldandmaude #myneighbornormaA photo posted by Chris Salvatore (@chrissalvatore) on Jan 4, 2017 at 8:04pm PST???????? #myneighbornormaA photo posted by Chris Salvatore (@chrissalvatore) on Jun 9, 2016 at 8:32pm PDT"Summer starts with a fabulous sundress"-#myneighbornorma ??????A photo posted by Chris Salvatore (@chrissalvatore) on Apr 18, 2016 at 4:19pm PDTI hope this little update will bring some sunshine to your rainy day here in La. We are reaching the 2 month mark since my neighbor Norma has come home from the hospital and I am so happy to share that she is continuing to prove the doctors and nurses wrong by continuing to THRIVE! To prolong the remaining funds to prevent her from having to be moved into a county facility, Norma and I have decided to move her into my apartment across the hall where she now has her own beautiful room and bathroom! She loves it! I do most of my work at home so I am here most of the time to care for her so it only made sense to the both of us. She is my adopted grandmother and I am her grandson she never had. :) We will still have caregivers coming in to care for her as well as her weekly hospice visits from the nurses and doctors. I just wanted to let you all know Norma loves reading your comments and I seriously think all the support and love is keeping her healthy. Now who wants to come to dinner? ??#myneighbornorma... I mean #myroomatenorma ??A photo posted by Chris Salvatore (@chrissalvatore) on Jan 20, 2017 at 4:26pm PSTNorma and I are finally watching one of her favorites together! ????????#haroldandmaude #myneighbornormaA photo posted by Chris Salvatore (@chrissalvatore) on Jan 4, 2017 at 8:04pm PST???????? #myneighbornormaA photo posted by Chris Salvatore (@chrissalvatore) on Jun 9, 2016 at 8:32pm PDT"Summer starts with a fabulous sundress"-#myneighbornorma ??????A photo posted by Chris Salvatore (@chrissalvatore) on Apr 18, 2016 at 4:19pm PDT